John.
Anthony.
Now is not a good time.
How the hell are ya, John?
You all right?
You, uh, fucked up?
I mean, I know I'm a bit fucked up,
but it's just the whiskey.
I imagine you are fucked up
in a whole different kinda way, huh?
I'm fine, Anthony.
I just need to get back to my work.
Oh yeah?
What page are you on, John?
Huh?
I just reached page 40.
I believe.
Yes.
One of the companions is missing.
And so is his knife.
So yes, I just reached page 40.
I see.
Okay, John.
I thought you'd be special.
But I'm afraid your time is up.
What can I say?
I'm very sorry.
I just reached page 40.
You've been on page 40
for six goddamn weeks.
What?
No.
No, it can't have been.
I don't have that much time.
But Lamont says it's time
for the book to move on.
Wouldn't do that, Anthony.
It doesn't like violence.
Well then, it's gonna hate me.
God damnit, John.
You are past page 40.
Oh look, you're right.
Page 43.
Fuck you.
It would be painless.
Or so it keeps telling me.
Fuck you, John.
- Son of a...
- If only there was a quicker way.
To just skip to the end.
Your device storage is full.
Create cloud storage?
Private journal from Luke Harding.
This is for whoever reads the book next.
I'm not sure how I've made it this far,
but maybe my story will help
you reach the end of yours.
How did this all start?
I guess you need to know
how I ended up with the book.
I need to back up a couple of cases,
when I first started
working for Mr. Fairweather.
I thought it was
a simple surveillance job.
Follow 10 people.
And catch them doing
something just a little dirty.
It sounded simple enough.
Hell, I'd already knocked off
the first eight.
But the ninth was
a well-respected priest.
I really thought this one
would take awhile.
But I was forgetting what
side of the tracks I was on.
Prostitution is immoral.
Proverb 23:27.
For a prostitute is a deviant
and an adulteress.
Let's say I give you
the candy 'round back
and then call it a night.
I was so close to a payday.
But what I didn't realize
was something really valuable
was passing through town.
My employer was about to make
a very dangerous power play.
And there I was,
about to walk right into
the middle of it all.
I had to keep my tail between my legs.
Because as easy as the first nine
on my list had been,
the 10th had proven impossible.
Let's go.
It was time to have an audience
with Mr. Fairweather,
a wrestling promoter turned crook.
The champ had arrived.
Scotty was Fairweather's right hand man.
We went back.
We had been friends and
enemies several times.
I wasn't sure where
the scorecard had left off
when Scotty introduced me
to Fairweather.
And I was too broke to care.
Looking forward to tonight, man.
So there's two things, all right.
Two things.
I'm gonna give your guys a throw down.
Are you in the show?
Pardon?
Oh, are you working with Fairweather?
I work for myself.
Me, I'm both.
You doing a list?
You know, basic shit.
Try to find a little dirt
on each person.
Yeah, throw down...
Hey, who took my fuckin' cheese grater?
Was it fuckin' you?
Take it easy, Ferox.
Mr. Fairweather will see you now.
Mr. Luke Harding.
I gotta tell ya, I got
a five year old niece
who could fly a drone better than you.
But you got what I needed
for that guy, so.
Good.
I just got one
glaringly obvious thing
the discuss here.
Seeing as how I gave you
a list with 10 names on it.
I know, but...
Now, I ain't no math magician,
but I'm only seeing
nine files here.
Yo Larry.
Yes, sir.
If I was to ask you for, say,
10 cigars,
what would you do?
Bring you 10 cigars, Mr. Fairweather.
And if you only came back with nine?
Oh no.
I'd never come back with only nine, sir.
You see, Luke, that's why Larry
is wearing more expensive
shoes than you are.
Why he smells better.
Why he has a nicer haircut.
Why there's
pussy hanging off him all the time.
Because Larry
knows how to fucking count to 10!
Look,
I followed that Gary Huang guy
for a month.
Kid's clean.
So you're going to bat for
this Squeaky McClean?
Yes.
So I'm paying you to tell me
that this kid could be standing
at the gates of heaven,
and God himself wouldn't
find the parking ticket.
Yes.
And even with our contract,
that states you only pay 1/2.
I know our fucking
contract, Mr. Harding.
And believe me,
it was a one time thing.
Now get the hell outta my office.
Actually, I was hoping
- to get that 1/2 now.
- When Mr. Fairweather
says it's time to go, it's time to go.
If you don't mind, I have some bills.
Yeah, if I don't mind.
Suddenly you're all detente.
If you don't mind, Mr. Fairweather,
if you don't mind, Mr. Fairweather.
Well, I mind.
For fuck's sake.
What the fuck am I paying ya for?
Gimme a runway, god damnit.
Okay.
Here's your salary.
You're a miserable failure, Harding.
Please welcome to the stage, Ruby Reds.
Happy birthday to me.
Time for my annual email
from my father's estate.
He paid to record dozens
of messages for me
from his deathbed.
It was the greatest gift of all,
a reminder that he was dead.
So, son, it's your 37th birthday.
You were my one chance for a legacy.
Hey.
And look what I got to work with.
Two shots, whiskey.
You miserable excuse for a human being.
Thanks for asking, dad.
Now, I know that life
has probably chewed you up
and spit you out a few times.
Angelina's doing just fine.
You were the most pointless part
- of my existence.
- I don't see her much, but...
Your whore of a mother
hated every second of you.
I try to be there for her.
And she...
I think it's safe to say
that you are probably worth...
Having a terrible father
was no excuse for being one.
My daughter, Angelina,
was having a rough go at her mother's.
And here I was, just squeezing by.
And only getting 1/2 my pay
meant I wasn't crawling out
of my hole any time soon.
But the least it was a start.
Monica.
Luke.
I got my rent.
And what I was short last month.
It looks like Luke and Monica
are up to something'.
What?
Are you sure you can do this?
Just take it while I got it.
- Neighbor, hey.
- Hey Edwin.
Hey, how you doing?
Shut up.
Yeah, is it raining today,
- do you think?
- No, I'm good.
It's not gonna rain to day.
I'm just tired of it.
What are you mumbling about?
You got nothin' to say.
I hope it doesn't rain.
I hope it doesn't rain, too, buddy.
Get a drink.
- You old cow.
- You worthless piece of shit.
The mountains are out.
Yeah, they certainly are.
I guess the dream was
to land one big case.
Earn enough to move to
a better section of town.
Work for a bigger player.
Like Mr. Lamont.
He ran this city.
A job from him could
change a man's destiny.
Whereas a call from Fairweather
tended to be more trouble
than it was worth.
Hello?
Mr. Harding.
Jules Fairweather here.
What now?
Don't be like that.
I was actually just calling
to apologize.
I sometimes let my emotions
get ahead of me.
I get so used to dealing with
dip-shits all day, you know.
You know how it is.
Anyway, it looks like
you're right on point
with this Gary Huang kid.
So, my partners and I
have a little test.
Our friend Gary Huang
has passed this test,
so now we need to
deliver to him his prize.
What kind of prize?
Well, that's the $10,000
question, isn't it?
What do you mean?
I give you 10 grand
to deliver this package,
and you never ask that question again.
That's a lot of money.
This isn't some kind of hit or anything?
A hit?
You think if I'm gonna
commit a homicide,
my first instinct
is to call up some trailer park
garbage for fuck's,
fuckin' Christ.
I'm just really sorry.
I
must be off my meds.
Thank you for your patience.
I have a simple, but very
important thing I ask.
Deliver a package to Gary Huang, and I,
I can't stress this enough,
Gary himself has to be
the who opens it now.
You've tailed this guy for a month, so,
you know his schedule.
Simple delivery job.
I'll be there in an hour.
What a fuckin' idiot.
Luke.
So, now's the time?
Yeah.
Doctor Who is on in a couple of hours,
and Gary always watches it alone.
Hmm.
Then go to it.
My associates will accompany you.
Well, I don't really need 'em.
Oh relax.
They're on your side now.
Gentle as kittens.
Meow.
I guess this Gary Huang is
a pretty lucky guy, right?
Don't fish, Luke.
It's very unbecoming.
Gimme your piece.
Who the fuck is this?
Got no idea.
But you know this is the first time
that someone's actually passed the test.
What the hell are you talking about?
Scotty, you gotta pay
more fuckin' attention.
Forgive me if I'm too busy main-eventing
and getting laid...
Oh God.
...to worry about your extra hired goon.
You make it sound so fucking dirty.
You fuckin' thing.
What the fuck does he want?
He fuckin' shot me.
Turn it.
Oh fuck.
Hustle, he's...
Scotty, I'm fucking dying, man.
I fucking need you to do something or...
You want it in the temple?
Or I need to go to
the hospital, you fuck.
Fuck this.
Scotty.
Fuck, Scotty.
Unlock the door.
- Scotty.
- Open the door.
Let's go.
You, get the fuck out.
Hurry up.
Face the door.
Face the door, you fuckin' prick.
If they don't come in shooting.
I'm calling Fairweather.
That was stupid.
You really wanna do this, Luke?
You really wanna take on the champ?
Huh?
That's why you can never
play heal, brother.
Yeah?
Oh shit.
Luke.
God damn karma.
Truce?
All right.
Scotty.
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's all good.
I don't want any trouble.
This is what you want, right?
Shit.
Oh.
Oh, where you going?
I'm not done.
You get the fuck outta here.
Was it Lamont?
Huh?
Did Lamont send you?
Oh fuck!
Ow, shit.
Scotty.
Oh fuck.
Who the fuck are you?
- Fuck you, you...
- Shh.
Fuck.
What do you need, what do you need?
My glasses, my glasses.
No, no, no, no, no, you.
You put them on.
Look at me, look at me.
I look good, right?
- You look great, Scotty.
- Oh yeah,
I'll leave a good-looking corpse.
Ow.
Whatever was in that package
had somehow saved my life.
Maybe deep down I felt
a connection with it.
Like I owed it something.
But the truth is, I killed
one of Lamont's men.
Not exactly the introduction
I was looking for.
If he was somehow involved,
then I needed to get rid of
that package immediately.
But I was still chasing money.
I can feel you reading this as I write.
The creature draws near.
I can't help you survive.
But if you want me to free your soul,
you need only to stand up.
Otherwise,
Please remain seated
while reading this book.
Where are my keys.
God damnit, where are my keys?
Hello?
I don't like getting shot at.
But lucky for you,
I still got your package.
You want it back?
Well, yeah.
Here's the deal.
You pay me what you
promised for the delivery,
I bring you the package back.
We can call it danger pay for
keeping your merchandise safe.
All right.
My place.
Tomorrow at noon.
45th and Thurlow.
Unit 273.
Very well.
Oh Jules, what did you possibly think
you could steal from me?
Well, my friend, I hope you're ready.
I want you to go there, tomorrow, noon.
Pay whatever the price,
and bring me back my book.
Okay.
And bring Jacob with you.
Things have been messed up
enough already.
I think we should err on the side
of caution on this one.
Mm-hmm.
Hi honey.
Hey dad.
Can you hear me okay?
Yeah, how are you?
Look, do remember when
you said that, you know,
if things ever got rough
for me or whatever
that I could come stay with you
for awhile or something?
Yeah, I remember that.
No, no, that's fine.
It won't take me long to straighten up.
Luke, it's like almost 11 o'clock here.
I know.
Yeah, I just realized what
a terrible idea this is.
Am I supposed to mace you now?
I hope not.
Tell me what the hell it is you want.
Your cleaning services.
And I can help.
And I got this.
I didn't have any cash left,
but I do have this
fine bottle of brandy.
It's worth over $90.
There's still at least 50 bucks worth.
You want me to help you clean
that shit-hole apartment
of yours tonight?
And I can pay you more later, too.
Look, I'm sorry, Luke.
I clean all day, and
I just really wanna...
I understand.
But you know, just keep that
bottle brandy, and I'll just,
I'm sorry I bugged you.
Why do you want that
apartment of yours cleaned
by tomorrow?
My daughter.
- She's coming.
- Oh no.
You do not lay some sob story on me.
Especially about some kid.
How old is she?
18, just.
How rough's she had it?
Very rough.
So there's a slim chance right now
that you can make up
for a fraction of the crap
that you put her through.
A small chance.
And you've got paper towels?
Well yeah, I think I've got a...
I'll be over in five.
Oh my God, thank you so much.
Be ready.
I will.
I knew this was a job for big old Bobby.
Okay.
I'll get started here.
You get to the bathroom.
And don't hesitate
to throw anything out.
I'm gonna stack anything that
looks important on your table.
You can go through it later.
Okay.
Only two more trips to the dumpster
and then we're done.
It's so...
Adequate?
So, how long's it been?
Since you've seen your daughter?
Two years.
Probably more.
You miss her?
So much.
But I mean, I ain't got much.
You've got a safe place to sleep.
Sometimes that's enough.
I guess.
There was a time in my life
where I would have killed
for just enough stability
to get something going.
We make a pretty good team, you and me.
You didn't step on my toes once.
You know you're...
What?
Quite...
I'm sorry, it's just...
Yeah, it's okay.
You looked interested.
With my daughter coming here soon...
It's okay.
You go be good daddy now.
My dad always said
it's better to piss a woman
off for a night
than for a lifetime.
Like always, I wish
he was out of my head.
The thing is, Monica was
the sharpest one in the tenement.
She didn't deserve to get
caught up with someone like me.
Shit.
We knew from the moment
we saw its fleshy nest
we must destroy it.
I dragged it to the soft ground
using a whaling hook,
where we buried it immediately.
What a weak, miserable,
pathetic excuse for a...
First entry for
a personal interest case.
Attempting to assess the value
of an untitled journal.
Something about an explorer
trapped in the woods.
If it is a true journal,
he's clearly going insane from panic.
Your device storage is full.
What?
I should have tons.
First entry for a personal
interest case.
Attempting to assess the value
of an untitled journal.
The text appears to be
handwritten in ink.
First journal entry for Luke Harding.
This is the first entry for
a personal interest case.
I'm trying to figure out,
assessing the value of
a book with no title
that I think might be priceless.
His ship landed in 1903.
There were 20 in his original party.
Some kind of residue,
I had enough of this fuckin',
what the hell was I just saying?
God damnit.
That thing in the bathroom
couldn't have been real.
I just need some sleep.
Page 18.
My companions don't seem
to be showing any symptoms,
but I know my mind has been poisoned.
I feel my memories shattering
until I can't trust my own thoughts.
I can't trust anyone.
I'm coming.
You must be Luke Harding.
You're with Fairweather?
We came for the package.
Excuse my eager friend,
but we are here for business.
It's on the table.
You don't look familiar.
You do.
Do you work for Fairweather much?
Only once, but it's been a long job.
My God.
You've only had it for one day?
Yeah.
Wait, what?
Look,
I just want that thing gone.
I'm afraid it's a little late for that.
Thank you for your time.
Where are you going?
We had a deal.
We came for a package,
not this coloring book.
That's bullshit.
Look, I just need that money.
You have any problems,
take it up with Fairweather.
Hey, why don't buy some sleeves.
I'm really very sorry, Mr. Harding.
But believe me, there's
nothing more we can do for you.
God damnit.
Come on, answer, you bastard.
Hello.
Fairweather.
Yeah, this is Jules Fairweather.
It's Luke Harding.
Your men came, then refused the package.
I see.
Did you by chance open the book?
Well, yeah.
Ah, that would explain
things from my end.
Look, I just need that money.
I don't care about some stupid book.
Shit, Harding.
Let's just say that's about to change.
I could snipe him, easy.
The man's performed a miracle.
And all you can think to do is kill him?
Mr. Lamont.
Do you have it?
It's inside, but it's been compromised.
Tragic, but acceptable.
The guy is on page 18.
Pardon?
It's true, sir.
Page 18.
In one night?
Of my own eyes.
I saw it.
Well, that changes everything.
Just remember to remain seated.
We've lost many good people
to the hooks.
What hooks?
Well, they come with the book.
What?
The rest will come from you.
You just gotta get to the ending.
I doubt you'll survive, but who knows.
I don't want him touched.
Observe and get closer.
I want a full study.
As much as I'd like
to break out my violin
and play the sad tune you wanna hear,
I'm in over my head, too.
And we need to work together
- to get out of it.
- We had a simple deal.
I want you to come and
pick up this god damn book.
No advice I give
will make any sense to ya right now.
We're just gonna have to
wait until you've read more.
I've hacked into his phone.
It's recording a conversation right now.
Anything unusual.
Do not send those
two monkeys over here anymore.
It sounds like he's talking to flies.
I imagine he does.
That's what I expected.
It was at that moment I decided,
whether it was a possessed book,
a toxic hallucinogenic,
or they were testing
some elaborate con on me,
I would treat this like any other case.
I keep leaving notes to myself.
To help with my sudden
lapses in my memory.
I would use the explorer's
own words to track him
and plot out his journey.
The creature was so hideous,
their instinct was to bury it.
Then the madness set in.
Hallucinations, memory loss,
and paranoia.
But the explorer only
had a feather and ink
to try and document his experience.
Whereas I could separate and
organize his random thoughts.
I just need to keep track.
I began with two companions,
a lantern,
a length of rope,
and a knife.
Maybe
this substance is made
from some rare plant.
I had to get to know him.
How can an explorer simply bury
the discovery of a lifetime?
And then it hit me.
The one thing the explorer was doing
that was out of character.
To keep such immaculate records,
he had never once mentioned
this mysterious substance.
What if he had brought it back.
What if this isn't just
a journal of the creature?
This is its tomb.
That is, assuming that it's dead.
In these brief flashes, somehow,
it all just comes together.
And I know exactly where he is.
And what he needs to do.
I hid your keys.
Hello?
Daddy.
Daddy!
Jesus.
Sorry.
Hi.
Come on in.
Okay, sorry.
So, how was the bus?
Yeah, um.
Sorry I was late.
That's okay.
I'll give you as much space as I can.
You come and go as you like.
And you're really on route
to someplace else,
and you just stopped by to sting me,
there's a firebox wedged
behind the bookcase there.
What little stuff of value
I've got is in it.
I'm not saying that I think
that's what you came for,
just that I'd understand.
And I wouldn't recommend
bringing any guys home.
Sorry, but that's the best I can offer.
That's okay.
How's the couch?
Yeah, it's comfy, I guess.
I'm gonna go take a nap.
Yep.
Hello?
Luke.
How's the apartment holding up?
It's doing great.
Great.
Um, listen.
I've been getting a lot of calls lately.
What kind of calls?
Mrs. Oats.
She's always seeing things around here.
And I figured,
since we have a private
detective in the building,
I might as well give him a call
and ask him if he wants to...
I hear something.
You're cooking, aren't you?
Yeah, just lunch.
Same plans for dinner?
Is this an invitation?
My place?
Yeah.
Yeah?
You're still alive.
Damn good thing
there's no gambling in hell
or I'd be a poor man right now.
I don't know what you're on about.
Lamont must be pissed
- a moron like you comes along...
- Look...
And passes page 40.
Then why don't you give my five grand.
And I'll take it today.
You won't be going anywhere.
You probably already tried
to leave a dozen times.
Walked around in some daze,
only to end up back
in front of the book.
It doesn't work.
And it only wears ya out quicker.
I keep seeing things.
Ah, most of it's just in your head now.
You just need to get to
the end of the story.
What's so special about the ending?
That's what I wanted to find out.
I stole the book to harness its power.
Just remember,
all this shit started the moment
you opened that book.
And it'll finish when
you're done reading it.
Just read the book.
The voice spoke as if
it were my own thoughts,
constantly trying to trick me.
Okay.
You miserable little pencil-pecker.
Fuck you, dad.
Did you just tell
your father to fuck off?
And who the hell is this?
So, today,
I can go to Julie's place.
She's this girl I met on the bus.
And she said she's gonna help me
with my resume and stuff, so.
Yeah, great.
Yeah.
Are there any openings at your office?
- No.
- Maybe?
Nothing, like in the mail room or...
No, no, no, no.
I mean, I'm not an accountant.
Oh.
Okay, so what do you do then?
Uh, surveillance, security.
What, like a private eye?
Why wouldn't you you tell me
you were a private investigator?
It's, like, badass.
Just wanted to set a good example.
By pretending to be an accountant?
Here, I'll take it out for you, I'm out.
Don't you have to finish
getting dressed first?
I am finished.
Ain't that a bra?
Well, like,
it acts like one, but it's like a shirt.
Too, kinda.
Can you zip it up,
and just pretend that's
how you're gonna look today?
Yeah.
Fine.
Oh, um,
thanks.
You know, for the couch.
No worries.
Okay.
See ya.
Sorry.
Fuck, man.
This job usually has caviar and shit.
Why the hell are we
bothering with this nobody?
Because he's got
street smarts, like you.
Yeah, you're right.
All this time they've been
dicking around
with these Harvard grad types like you.
Oh, hold on.
But it takes a man like me
to get the job done.
Help.
It's true.
All this time Lamont's
been trying to lure it
like it's some kind of princess.
And the fact is, Help me.
It's nothing but a soulless, primitive
monster.
Exactly.
See, if it were me, I would
just pretend to read the thing.
How 'bout that.
Two minutes on the job,
and you've already solved
the whole thing.
Oh, one more thing.
As a piece of advice.
Shit goes down, walk away.
Safety first.
You're gonna be around
a long time, Boston.
Oh for fuck's sakes.
About this equipment.
Did you have family in the Cold War?
What?
Exactly what I thought.
Jesus.
God damnit, am I thirsty.
Nice camera placement, Boston.
Note to self, I already have water.
Okay, this place gets
a C plus for sandwich fixing.
Fuck, I'm thirsty.
Find me.
Something's happening.
Fuck
That was, uh, fascinating.
I have a rope, a lantern, and a knife.
What?
No mustard?
This place is spooky.
This is all in your head.
Fuck.
Hey, dad, remember
when I told you about Julie?
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Harding.
Yeah, you too.
We were just gonna watch a movie.
So, I didn't think you'd mind.
Yeah, okay.
Well, you two have a good time.
Dad?
Yeah?
Julie is my special friend.
Well, that I didn't know.
You and me are gonna have a talk.
If you have a problem with this,
- I can just go.
- Hey, my daughter's sexuality
is none of my business.
But if you wanna sit
that close to her, it is.
Now, my daughter is
a very special person
with a lot of dreams and ambitions.
And I don't want her
hooking up with some...
Dad!
Person with one thing on their mind.
So what are your intentions?
Um.
Noble.
We're just getting to know each other.
Seeing if we click or not.
Well, I don't think you have
to sit that close to do that,
but so be it.
You're outta here by 11:30.
Yes, sir.
Okay, enjoy the movie.
Thanks.
I'm so sorry.
Oh my God.
That was so cute.
That was not cute.
That was so embarrassing.
Don't be.
Hey.
He puts you on that same
pedestal that I want to.
Where was I?
I could feel exposure to the book
boring holes in my memory
as it assaulted me with my past.
God damnit, where are my keys?
So you might wanna wear
gloves when you read it.
As for me, it was a little late.
So I decided to meet this thing head-on.
Just as your notes
predict, here you are.
Welcome to the future, Mr. Harding.
Dad, are you home?
I need the shower.
Hello?
Is someone there?
- Dad, is that you?
- Where are my fuckin' keys?
Stay calm, Mr. Harding.
You're experiencing
a vision from the book.
Do I know you?
No.
But I feel like I know you.
And thanks to your notes,
I've captured this.
What is it?
It spawned themoment I reached page 18.
And you've already warned me
what's coming next.
I've been following your story.
Quietly.
On the shadows.
You have an advantage.
I believe the book
chooses those it wants
to include in its pages.
It chose you.
How can I stop it?
Depends if we can trust each other.
How do I know you're not
a manifestation of the book?
Trying to manipulate me.
You see, I already know your story.
Tell me mine.
What's wrong with your face?
It's okay, Luke.
You're not even here.
Yeah, so that's pretty much
everything, you know,
about me, that I've got
for first date confessions.
You all right?
Yeah.
How's it going?
Are we going to the gym?
They have one here?
Thanks for coming over.
Thanks for the dinner.
And the wine.
He's a good listener.
Luke, I had a lot of fun
tonight and, um,
I look forward to date number two.
Me too.
There's something
too innocent about him.
Look at her face.
She's already worried about hurting him.
Of course.
Anyway, that was nice.
- Yeah.
- Goodnight.
Goodnight.
No chance.
Hey dad.
Is your date over already?
It wasn't much of a date.
Hey dad.
I didn't have much of a date either.
Why?
Did she do something?
No.
I did something.
You know, you might
find this hard to believe,
but I'm actually the one
that the parents warn their kids about.
Julie would never admit it,
but I know she's only
going out with me out of pity.
She's only gonna feel that way about you
if you keep telling her to.
Are you giving me advice?
You may not think that I know much
about relationships,
but I can get ya started.
I don't know, like, I just,
like, I don't know
what to say or what to do.
She's so confusing.
Is there music on this thing?
Yeah.
All right.
Boston, why don't you hit the sheets.
I'll take the first shift.
What?
The most important thing that
you need to know about women
is that they love to dance.
No, I don't dance.
Prove it.
Dad, seriously?
Well yeah, I mean, we're the only
two people in this room.
I can't believe you.
Come on.
You ready?
I don't know what to do.
I wish my dad would dance like that.
Please go to sleep.
Now, you take Julie dancing.
And you're gonna prove to her
that you know how to have fun.
Yeah, there we go.
Just grab the bottle of wine.
That's what you always end up picking.
I ain't thirsty.
It's just that,
can't you hear that?
Hear what?
Scratching.
Please, I don't hear nothin' but you.
Bitching about nothing.
I'm calling Monica.
Will you leave her alone.
We ain't got rats.
We ain't got raccoons.
There's only one thing
I get around here.
Yeah, what's that?
Irritated by the fucking
worthless sound of your voice.
Yeah?
Damnit, Luke, I gotta say,
I thought you were a gonner.
I even let myself rot.
Can you gimme something?
What do you already know about the book?
I'll tell you one thing,
you get to the end, you'll be
the safest man on the planet.
Lamont will keep you protected
for that piece of information.
He's the only guy to survive
an encounter with the book.
But we ain't exactly on
speaking terms anymore.
And although I was grateful
to have two companions,
I just couldn't shake the feeling
that I'd begun this journey alone.
Dad!
Jesus.
Did you not hear me calling you?
Oh my God, you get so spaced out
when you read that,
what?
Listen, you need to promise me
you're not gonna read this thing.
Dad, you literally,
you give me this speech
every 20 minutes.
I don't wanna read your stupid book.
I was just trying to show you
my new outfit, that's all.
Well, you look beautiful.
Thanks.
Okay, well, you need to shower,
because Julie's gonna
be here at 6:00, so.
Me?
Yeah, you've been festering
in that bedroom for too long.
You stink.
I need you to make sure
that you stay away from that thing.
Dad, I don't wanna
read your stupid book.
Are serious?
Okay, I've gotta clean up out here.
Can you just hurry up?
Fine.
Hello?
What the hell?
See, I didn't kill my husband.
He turned into my uncle.
I mean, he literally
turned into my uncle.
And my uncle's already dead.
Whatever you say, Mrs. Oats.
Ms. Oates, if you don't mind.
Good evening, Mr. Harding.
Gifts.
The roses are for Angelina,
but the chocolates are for you.
You are so sweet.
Thank you.
Buttering up the old man.
What'd you get, dad?
Uh, chocolates.
Can I have one?
Yeah.
Thanks.
You drive here?
No, I took a cab.
Good, I'll even pay
for the cab fare home.
- Oh no.
- No.
- No, no.
- Dad, it's fine.
It's okay.
Well, just promise me
you'll go easy on the drinks.
We'll be too busy dancing,
don't worry about it.
Good.
Care for a chocolate?
Sure.
Thanks.
Bye, dad.
Bye.
I hid your keys,
and you haven't even
tried to find them yet.
I can't play with you.
At least page 70, not that
I was looking too close.
I'm sorry.
Maybe whatever you are was somehow real.
But you are not my daughter.
I'm real, I'm...
Relax.
That's why you bring me in.
I'm always one step ahead.
Who the hell am I talking to?
God, no.
No!
Angelina, no!
This isn't just your story anymore.
And she's such a bad girl.
I blame her parents.
Sir.
We've finally reestablished
communication
with Jacob and Boston.
Good.
They're acting very peculiar.
Really?
Put them on.
Oh my God.
Hey, you okay?
I'm getting kinda hot.
Okay, let's take a break.
Hello, sir.
Hello, gentlemen.
How is everything?
He's been very active on the book.
Oh, I have something to report.
On Dave the jack-off
standing right next to you.
Pardon?
He kept telling us
there's a third person
in the room with us.
I see.
That shit ain't funny, Dave.
Do you want a beer?
No, no, I'll have one in a little bit.
Thanks.
You have such beautiful eyes.
We would appreciate
a certain professionalism.
Of course.
Dave.
Apologize for your poor sense of humor.
I'm sorry.
Do you think we're a fun couple?
I'm having a fun time.
Me too.
Wait, I love this song.
We so have to dance again.
Thank you, sir.
Things are just getting
a little tense around here.
Well, I'm glad everything's on track.
I look forward to your next updates.
It's happening.
Jacob, you gotta try this.
It's all like 3D and stuff.
Oh whoa.
I find it disorientating.
Oh, it's so cool, though.
Oh wow, it's so,
wow.
You had a point.
Safety first.
Mr. Lamont, if you are
able to hear this message,
I wanted you to know, I quit.
Vacate.
Now.
Get out.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay.
Fuck.
Thank you.
- Fuck you, bitch.
- Driver.
Get me to the airport Jerk.
- Now.
- Prick, man.
Tango?
You've got it, girl.
I'll give you a big dip, you ready?
Yes.
Say goodnight to your dad for me?
Yeah.
Hey dad.
Find the keys.
Hi.
Hello, dear.
Is everything okay?
Oh, why yes.
We're just about to have tea.
Why don't you join us?
Dad?
Fuckin' keys.
You didn't ask where my date went.
Did you really think I would stay
because you hid my keys?
I'd have torn my arms off
to get away from you and your mother.
You're one that I hated.
Have you found my keys?
I look at you.
And I hate myself.
For creating something
so worthless!
Where are my fucking keys?
So, we're just gonna sit here
and have a nice cup of tea.
I know who you think we are,
but we are not demons.
You are demons.
Oh, you may not know it yet,
but it'll happen.
Oh dear.
It's not loaded!
Hey Jules, I need you to call me back.
Look, I think when we were at the club
someone slipped me something.
It's not until I reached
the last few pages of this journal
I know what I need to do.
I must stop this story.
Or will the creature find
another way to preserve itself?
He killed them.
He killed all of them.
Was that really his solution?
Was it supposed to be mine?
Luke, you're so close.
Just one last demon to kill.
Angelina.
She's in the closet.
So finish the book, please.
My time is up, I've just gotta know now.
What a god damn mess.
Didn't even let the poor bastard
hang up the phone.
Fairweather!
The explorer's ending wasn't enough.
The creature wanted me to kill.
But violence hadn't exactly
worked out for the explorer.
How do I reason with something
that really thinks it's my baby girl?
I'd have to face something
I'd intended to take to the grave.
When I was a kid,
I went and I...
Hid my keys.
Yeah.
You can't find them!
You have to see me!
You are not my daughter!
I was playing.
And I hid your keys.
I guess, I don't know,
I thought it would be funny
or something.
But then you started to get mad.
And you started to get upset.
And then you just, you left.
I'm sorry, kid.
Your father died in prison
when you were two.
Figures.
It was your fault.
I just couldn't take
living with you anymore.
Why wouldn't mom say anything?
I told your mother not to tell you.
Yeah, is that why?
You just couldn't stand me?
No.
I found something.
What did you find?
Love letters.
Not from me.
I know it wasn't right,
but of all the things I've been,
your father was the one thing
that I couldn't let go of.
Dad, I'm really sorry.
Dad?
You'd still call me that?
You'll always be my dad to me.
No.
It'll hurt.
It won't hurt.
What happened?
What's happened is you two
have just made history.
Jesus Christ.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to startle you.
You must be Lamont.
Yes.
Although, I've told you
that several times already.
Not to worry.
The effects will wear off shortly.
What happened to us?
What happened is that
instead of one survivor,
we have two survivors.
So rather than your having
to split the reward,
I'll simply double it.
Oh my God.
Of course,
you'll have to surrender
all the recordings you made.
Sure.
Good.
I look forward to seeing them.
The creature has found rest now.
For how long, who knows?
I wish I could tell you
more about the ending.
But I had help.
So, I meant to ask you?
Yes?
So I only have 1/2 the story.
And my memory of it all is fading fast.
If we can just get you
to sign some of these.
And there's some mercy in knowing
Angelina will forget as well.
We'll have some more forms
for you to sign later.
Oh my God, Luke.
Mrs. Oats went crazy.
She killed some people, and then...
I'm so glad you're okay.
It's gonna be...
It's gonna be okay.
Is that it?
That's it, John.
I hear you're a real miracle worker.
Well, if the book does
what you say it will,
then thank you.
Oh, John.
Mind the hooks.
Private journal from
a Luke Harding to a mister,
well, I didn't ask your name.
So I'll just call you the surgeon.
You haven't met me yet,
but believe it or not, I've met you.
And if you trust me,
I can help you change your story.
John.
Anthony.
I've been expecting you.
Synced and corrected by
H@w-to-kiLL @subscene.com